All right.
Welcome back.
We looked at the updated revenue for the you works model in the previous lecture.
Right.
And now let's look at the expenses.
So for the expenses we're going to start off with looking at the timing.
Okay.
Now the timing here to calculate the start up costs.
So we had a closing which is to designate that it's basically cost that happened right away in the first
month and then then we have a permanent period and then we have the construction and all of that right.
So then these expenses that we put in in the startup right here we sum it up by the correct categories.
Here's all the startup costs.
Then we have it spaced out based on the timing that we did here.
So if it's closing the total expense happens in that first month permitting we have three months spread
out over three months construction.
We said it was nine months.
So then it spreads out over the next nine months.
And then there's a two month launch and that's how much we're spending during the launch than that.
And then this is a start up expense throughout the period that is before being active.
So then we have the spend here.
Okay.
So then we sum it up in any given column then we have the total startup spend for that month and we
see that it will go up to a point right until it becomes active.
We have no more start to spend.
Now this part should be familiar for you.
Right.
We did the headcount and then we did the compensation for the head count and then we calculated the
total compensation here.
So that's pretty straightforward.
Then there are some other expenses here and pretty much it looks the same.
The only thing we added that's different here from what you've done was the addition of these other
per month costs.
Okay.
So these happen are based on headcount right.
Except for the legal retainer.
This actually should fall into here but we're going to assume that that starts right away.
So that's OK to put up there and leave it there but for some of these other maybe per month expenses
you know maybe you're have some ongoing monthly marketing budget you're paying for snacks maybe speakers
or some utilities and other things that you really aren't paying for until you actually are opened for
business.
So those we have some money we spend.
But we need to designate which month it starts.
So that's the difference here.
And then these expenses we're going to assume everything grows at this kind of growth rate.
So we're going to apply that to all of the expenses as well so it starts in the correct month of that
amount.
But because it's starting in the 15 month it already had that 3 percent bump.
Okay.
To the expenses.
That's good practice is you know regardless of when it's kicking in if you're starting some initial
amount even if it kicks in later you don't start at that amount.
You start at the amount that it should have increased to by then.
Okay.
So then when we have that then we can calculate all of the other monthly expenses.
And so this one now one of the things to do is once you build that structure for he can calculate headcount
in compensation you can reuse it.
And that's why you don't need to kind of build all the parts and brand new around here.
This is pretty much exactly the same as up here except you know it's not based on headcount and we added
this component to it.
So a lot of building financial models is utilizing what you've built.
You get lising what you can find in what you have and you have quite a few options.
Now by taking this course pulling the pieces that are close to what you're trying to do and then adapting
it to your needs.
So next there let's see how it all comes together.